updating links from fwlink to real link if exists (#15945)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/wcf/how-to-implement-an-asynchronous-service-operation.md

  
### Implement a service operation asynchronously  
  

> 1. In your service contract, declare an asynchronous method pair according to the .NET asynchronous design guidelines. The `Begin` method takes a parameter, a callback object, and a state object, and returns a <xref:System.IAsyncResult?displayProperty=nameWithType> and a matching `End` method that takes a <xref:System.IAsyncResult?displayProperty=nameWithType> and returns the return value. For more information about asynchronous calls, see [Asynchronous Programming Design Patterns](../../dotnet/standard/asynchronous-programming-patterns/event-based-asynchronous-pattern-eap.md).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In your service contract, declare an asynchronous method pair according to the .NET asynchronous design guidelines. The `Begin` method takes a parameter, a callback object, and a state object, and returns a <xref:System.IAsyncResult?displayProperty=nameWithType> and a matching `End` method that takes a <xref:System.IAsyncResult?displayProperty=nameWithType> and returns the return value. For more information about asynchronous calls, see [Asynchronous Programming Design Patterns](../../standard/asynchronous-programming-patterns/event-based-asynchronous-pattern-eap.md).  
```

> 1. In your service contract, declare an asynchronous method pair according to the .NET asynchronous design guidelines. The `Begin` method takes a parameter, a callback object, and a state object, and returns a <xref:System.IAsyncResult?displayProperty=nameWithType> and a matching `End` method that takes a <xref:System.IAsyncResult?displayProperty=nameWithType> and returns the return value. For more information about asynchronous calls, see [Asynchronous Programming Design Patterns](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/standard/asynchronous-programming-patterns/event-based-asynchronous-pattern-eap).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In your service contract, declare an asynchronous method pair according to the .NET asynchronous design guidelines. The `Begin` method takes a parameter, a callback object, and a state object, and returns a <xref:System.IAsyncResult?displayProperty=nameWithType> and a matching `End` method that takes a <xref:System.IAsyncResult?displayProperty=nameWithType> and returns the return value. For more information about asynchronous calls, see [Asynchronous Programming Design Patterns](../../dotnet/standard/asynchronous-programming-patterns/event-based-asynchronous-pattern-eap.md).  
```
